Let's work on the orders screen before we add the navigation.
We don't need to finish it but I want to be able to view it.
So in there I important react from react so that I can build a valid react component imports something
from React Native as always and that something is also what we're pretty much used to right.
It's never dead surprising.
We'll need a view.
We'll probably need a flat list because we'll have multiple orders potentially an infinite amount and
I want to build who rendered that and with that here we can build our orders screen like this.
Also export does of course and styling shouldn't really be required here.
Actually we shouldn't even need the view here because I just want to put my list of orders so of course
the data we need here will come from redux.
So we should import use selector from react redux which allows us to tap into the redux store.
So here we can get our orders with the help of you selector and use selector now points at State DoD
orders and that of course is the identifier I assigned here and combined with users orders here.
This gives us access to the state slice managed by the orders reducer.
And there we have a number of orders property which holds the actual array of orders.
So here I need to access stated orders not orders in the end.
That gives me my orders which are stored and Redux.
Now here we just need to return our flat list and this receives orders which should be an array in which
it is as data now a key extractor is not required in newer versions of React Native because each order
if you have a look at the model has an idea and newer versions of react should be looking for that.
But to be safe I'll add it here and render item now of course should hold a function that receives the
item data that in the end returns whatever we want to render per order now order item will be more complex
in the future.
For now I'll just output some text again so that we quickly have something on the screen we can see
before we refined this.
The text here for the given item could be.
And now let's have a look at the order there we have the idea we have two items which is he has not
released.
So the easiest thing to output is simply the amount so here I'll just output the total amount property
which my order has here.
This is what output in the flat list.
Now we have a basic orders screen.
Of course we now need to be able to reach that so let's go to the shop navigator and import the orders
screen your orders screen from the screens folder from shop orders screen.
And now here the important thing is I don't want to added to this stack navigator because it's not part
of this stack.
Instead I want to reach it with a menu with a side menu.
So we'll need to build a draw navigator.
Of course you could also work with taps if you prefer this but I want to work with the draw here.
So we need that to draw our navigator.
Now the orders screen even though it will be the only item it should be in its own stack though.
So we also have a header there.
Hence all create a new orders navigator here where I create a numbers stack navigator and they're the
only mapping I need is orders which points at orders screen the second argument here should still set
up some default navigation options and I'll use the same options as I do here.
Hence I'll actually grab this object cut it out of here and store it in a separate constant default
nav options like this.
This is a pattern I also already used in the navigation module because now we can use this constant
here in the product navigator for the default navigation options and also here new orders navigator.
Now of course the goal is to create a draw or Navigator which I'll name shop navigator overall because
it combines different shop features.
You could say with the help of great create draw navigator dare I now want to merge these two stacks
the products navigator and the orders navigator into it.
So here we need the products with the products navigator and the orders pointing at the order as navigator.
So at these stack navigators I also want to configure my content option stare on the draw does allows
me to for example set to tint color of the items when they're selected then I want to set the act of
tint color to colors dot primary so that they are colored with the primary color if they're selected.
Now it's the shop navigator that should be returned here this alone won't do the trick but it's a first
step.
Now before we add the menu button let's go to the orders screen and they're actually add a title sold
at navigation option stair.
Set this to an object.
Right now we need no dynamic options here because I just want to set the hider header title to your
orders.
And now did I think of that.
We should also add this on the card screen where I'm not doing this yet there.
I also want to set this on the card screen set this to your cart.
So this is now in the card screen navigation options.
This is in the orders screen or just navigator is setup with that all setup.
We need to add this menu button this is hamburger icon for example on the products overview screen where
I want to be able to open the drawer and go to my orders now to added there.
Let's go to the navigation options of the product overview screen which is already dynamic which is
good.
And then besides adding header right for this cart I can let's add had left and had her left should
hold header buttons as well of course but there it'll be my menu items sole name and such and there
I want to use MDA menu or IOW menu depending on the platform we're running on and I want to navigate
of course nowhere.
Instead with the navigation prop here so to say I want to call toggled Ras which will open the side
draw now dead.
Same setup by the way is all the required in the orders screen so that we can leave that screen.
So actually here we will Nat needs debt dynamics set up off the navigation options where we have a function
here in which we return our config object so that in there we can also add had or left with the header
buttons with our menu that targets draw which relies on the NAF data here and of course for that we
need to import header buttons header button and item so on the product or review screen in the end I
need to import these things here.
These two lines need to be added to the orders screen as well.
So there let me add it.
Adding the header buttons and item import from react navigation header buttons and the header button
import from our custom component now with that if we save this we should have a menu button here and
we do it opens the door we can go to orders and I get an error here because in the order screen of course
I'm using the platform API so we should import it there.
Let's do that let's add platform.
And now if you go back we can go to order as there we also can go back and to say Mr. Case on Android
now with Dad we added the draw.
There is one thing I want to add to the draw though which I haven't done before.
Before I continue working on my orders list were we're not outputting yet anything yet because we're
not really adding drawer orders we haven't connected this order now button yet where we're not seeing
anything though that changes if we do add something to the cart click order now.
Once clicking it multiple times will get given you an error right now.
Then we see that order here that we'll need to clear the cards.
That's number of thing we need to do but before we do that in the drawer I actually always want to have
icons next to my entries here and adding these icons is actually very simple.
Haven't done doesn't in the navigation module but we'll do it now to add icons you just need to go to
the screens you're navigating to in your drawer.
In our case that's of course these two navigators so these are not screens but these two navigators
and all these navigators or if they were screens on these screens you can set navigation options and
with that I don't mean the default navigation options you set for all screens off that navigator but
you set for this navigator if it's used inside of a never Navigator as it's the case here.
So we can't add navigation options here.
Again this will not be applied to the screens of this navigator but instead this will configure this
navigator if it's a screen offered no navigator.
And here are the orders Navigator is a screen of the shop navigator in the end and there in these navigation
options we can add a draw icon and tree which can be a function that gets let's say to draw a config
does function called for you by RAC navigation and it gives you destroyer conflict which most importantly
tells you for example what your tint color is because here you can now return a component like in New
Orleans component to render an icon for Dad you just need to make sure you're importing ionic pins from
at Expo vector icons.
So you need to add that import into shop navigator file.
Now with that added If we go down here I'm returning my ionic and now I can configure it as I always
did this.
And for Dad again we can use the platform API which we are already importing here if you're not.
Make sure you do we can use that to check your operating system and if it's equal to Android then here
I will render M.D. create as I can.
Otherwise I w create there's just when I can I picked in advance.
Now of course we can also configure the size here and I'll stick to my good ole 30 at 23.
And in addition to that said a color if you wish to add now of course that should not be colors primary
because Dennis icon would always have to add color instead this color should be assigned by the draw
which is the thing that knows if the item is selected or not and which will change the color appropriately.
So here you should access draw a conflict or tint color.
And this tells you which color dish should have at the moment and distinct color will change depending
on whether this is currently selected or not.
Now that's the case for my orders.
Excuse me.
The I can here should DMD list and I w list not create so that's my order setup now with the list icons
of course the same thing can be done here by copying it over on the products navigator and there I want
to use empty cart where I w card so this card icon again and now does is almost ready to be used one
thing you need to do however is you need to import react from react.
Now in this navigator file because now you are using components with that J.S. syntax as you know j
as Xs comp. or converted to react create element in the end and therefore you need to import react for
this syntax to work here.
Now with Dad if you go back you have these nice icons here next to your items that they're all the colored
correctly.
Also here on Android of course.
So now that's the side draw finished we can also go to the orders screen and we can even see an order
there.
However right now the card does not cleared and therefore if you click this multiple times you'll actually
get a warning because then what you do is you click this too fast and hence you create multiple orders
with the same pseudo unique I.D. where we in the end use the current timestamp if you click us too fast
multiple times it's the same timestamp.
That's why this warning is coming and I would want to clear the card after placing an order anyways
so let's make sure we do clear the card after placing an order and then of course let's make sure we
output the orders in a nice way than we currently do.